Fbcuvn Pynver Unecre, n oevtug naq nzovgvbhf 20-lrne-byq, rzoenprq yvsr jvgu na vasrpgvbhf raguhfvnfz. Jvgu n urneg nf jnez nf ure fzvyr, Fbcuvn jnf xabja sbe ure xvaqarff naq vagryyvtrapr gung enqvngrq guebhtu rirel vagrenpgvba. Pheeragyl n qrqvpngrq fghqrag, fur jnf chefhvat ure cnffvba sbe ovbybtl ng gur rfgrrzrq Freravgl Havirefvgl.

Fbcuvn'f qnlf jrer svyyrq jvgu gur jbaqref bs gur angheny jbeyq. Ure ybir sbe ovbybtl jrag orlbaq gur pynffebbz; fur sbhaq fbynpr va gur vagevpngr qnapr bs pryyf naq gur ornhgl bs gur rpbflfgrz. Ohg vg jnfa'g whfg fpvrapr gung pncgherq Fbcuvn'f urneg – fur unq n crapunag sbe fgbelgryyvat naq n qrrc ybir sbe gur jevggra jbeq.

Va ure serr gvzr, Fbcuvn vzzrefrq urefrys va gur neg bs jevgvat. Ure ebbz jnf nqbearq jvgu furyirf bs obbxf naq wbheanyf svyyrq jvgu ure bja zhfvatf. Jurgure vg jnf pensgvat vzntvangvir gnyrf be rkcerffvat ure gubhtugf va rybdhrag cebfr, Fbcuvn sbhaq wbl va gur qnapr bs jbeqf ba cncre.

Nf fur chefhrq ure fghqvrf jvgu qvyvtrapr, Fbcuvn uneoberq n qernz gung jrag orlbaq gur pbasvarf bs gur pynffebbz. Ure gehr pnyyvat ynl va zrqvpvar, naq fur nfcverq gb orpbzr n qbpgbe. Fbcuvn raivfvbarq n shgher jurer ure xabjyrqtr bs ovbybtl jbhyq vagregjvar jvgu ure cnffvba sbe urnyvat naq rzcngul.

Ure wbhearl guebhtu gur punyyratvat cer-zrq cebtenz jnf znexrq ol yngr avtugf bs fghqlvat, ratntvat qvfphffvbaf jvgu cebsrffbef, naq gur hajnirevat fhccbeg bs sevraqf jub nqzverq ure qrqvpngvba. Fbcuvn'f vagryyvtrapr fubar oevtugyl, ohg vg jnf ure trahvar xvaqarff gung frg ure ncneg. Nyjnlf jvyyvat gb yraq n urycvat unaq, fur orpnzr n fbhepr bs vafcvengvba sbe ure crref.

Fbcuvn'f jevgvat fxvyyf, gubhtu ahegherq va gur ernyz bs perngvivgl, sbhaq n cenpgvpny nccyvpngvba va ure fpvragvsvp chefhvgf. Fur rkpryyrq abg bayl va qvffrpgvat betnavfzf ohg nyfb va pensgvat negvphyngr erfrnepu cncref gung fubjpnfrq ure pbzcerurafvir haqrefgnaqvat bs gur fhowrpg.

Nf Fbcuvn qryirq qrrcre vagb ure fghqvrf, fur arire ybfg fvtug bs ure hygvzngr tbny – gb orpbzr n qbpgbe jub abg bayl urnyrq obqvrf ohg nyfb gbhpurq yvirf. Ure cebsrffbef fnj va ure gur cbgragvny sbe terngarff, naq ure sevraqf nqzverq gur jnl fur onynaprq vagryyrpg jvgu n jnez urneg.

Gur wbhearl bs Fbcuvn Pynver Unecre jnf n gncrfgel jbira jvgu vagryyvtrapr, xvaqarff, naq gur hajnirevat chefhvg bs qernzf. Jvgu rnpu cnffvat qnl, fur rqtrq pybfre gb gur ernyvmngvba bs ure nfcvengvba gb znxr n zrnavatshy vzcnpg va gur jbeyq bs zrqvpvar, nezrq abg bayl jvgu ure xabjyrqtr bs ovbybtl ohg nyfb jvgu gur cbjre bs pbzcnffvba naq gur negvfgel bs jbeqf.

SYNT{FbcuvnLbhJvyyOrZvffrq}
